Minor update to the PR template (#4109)
triton-lang/triton: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- Select one of the following.
  - [ ] I have not added any `lit` tests.

>   - [ ] The `lit` tests I have added follow the [best practice](https://mlir.llvm.org/getting_started/TestingGuide/#filecheck-best-practices)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] The `lit` tests I have added follow these [best practices](https://mlir.llvm.org/getting_started/TestingGuide/#filecheck-best-practices),
```

>     including "Tests should be minimal part". (Usually running Python code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    including the "tests should be minimal" section. (Usually running Python code
```
